# Online-ambulance-booking-system
Online Ambulance Booking System provides efficiency and safety. Reserve ambulances quickly, track real-time whereabouts, and receive immediate aid during crises.
The online ambulance booking system is a digital platform that allows users to book the ambulance in real-time service. It’s a very comprehensive healthcare platform that can work 24/7 in numerous cities. This system also provides some emergency assistance in shortening which is estimated in 15 minutes to 20 minutes to arrive at the incident place. We also provide smooth communication with the ambulance drivers. Because of the lateness of the ambulance, they have issues with arriving at a certain rural place on time. By providing a contact number to the patient they can confirm it by calling or texting them to come to the exact location. 

This online project will be user-friendly so that all kinds of people can understand and use this platform. Because there are not that many websites that have simple systems to book ambulances which make the people don’t want to use them. By providing a simple online booking system that people and hospitals can easily understand. This project mainly focuses on a rural place which is hard for ambulances to detect the location on Google Maps. They can directly contact the patient or the patient gives the exact location to the hospital and driver and they can arrive as fast as they can. 

In addition, this system also will keep the data that is managed by the hospital for a certain period of time so it can make the system work faster. In the future, we plan to provide some other healthcare services such as mental wellness, teleconsultation, E-Pharmacy, diagnostics, home health care, and elderly care. We also try to cut to the edge to give faster performance to the patient which is virtually assisted by paramedics for immediate response. 
